Add instructions to enable resource logging (#10071)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/observe/api-manager/monitoring-api-logs.md

        {"logLevel":"FULL"}
        ```

    !!! note "Set log level of a resource in an API."
        The capability to enable resource level logging is available in APIM 4.2.0 only from update level 154 onwards.
        This feature allows to set separate log levels to each resource of an API. Note that this is not supported for API Products yet. To be able to do this, you have to complete the step a and b and restart the server prior to setting the log level for the resource using the step c.

>          a. Set the below system property to true in <APIM_HOME>/bin/api-manager.sh file or during server startup as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         a. Set the below system property to true in <APIM_HOME>/bin/api-manager.sh or <APIM_HOME>/bin/api-manager.bat file depending on your operating system or provide it as a system property during server startup.
```
